Charts: document bar list chart (#44467)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/charts/src/components/bar-list-chart/stories/index.docs.mdx

	data={ singleSeriesData }
	withTooltips={ true }
/>` }
/>

### Multi-Series Data

Compare data across different time periods or categories:

<Canvas of={ BarListChartStories.MultiSeries } />

<Source
	language="jsx"
	code={ `const multiSeriesData = [
	{
		group: 'primary',
		label: 'Jan 21-Aug 8, 2024',
		data: [
			{ label: 'Organic search', value: 30000 },
			{ label: 'Affiliates', value: 19000 },
			{ label: 'Display', value: 18000 },
		],
	},
	{
		group: 'comparison',
		label: 'Jan 21-Aug 8, 2023',
		data: [
			{ label: 'Organic search', value: 20000 },
			{ label: 'Affiliates', value: 15000 },
			{ label: 'Display', value: 19900 },
		],
	},
];

<BarListChart data={ multiSeriesData } />` }
/>

### Required Props

- **`data`**: Array of SeriesData objects containing the chart data
- **`width`**: Chart width (handled automatically when using responsive wrapper)
- **`height`**: Chart height (handled automatically when using responsive wrapper)

### Optional Props

- **`withTooltips`**: Enable interactive tooltips on hover (default: false)
- **`margin`**: Chart margins object with top, right, bottom, left properties
- **`options`**: Configuration object for advanced customization

> - **`renderTooltip`**: Custom tooltip rendering function

Reviewer: Props missing, and I don't think width and height are required. I shared the same [feedback on the Pie Chart PR](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/pull/44465#discussion_r2230095454) so maybe the guidelines need improvements for this section.

Reviewer: ~There's a lot in the `options` prop for this chart which we might want to document~

Included in API reference below

Reviewer: Thinking more about this, the API reference covers props in much more detail. I wonder if this section should even be included. Maybe only the required props? We could link to options.
```suggestion
### Required Props

- **`data`**: Array of SeriesData objects containing the chart data

### Optional Props

See the [API reference](./?path=/docs/js-packages-charts-types-bar-list-chart--docs#api-reference) for all available props.
```

Author: removed in 5689d04205
